Create General Conditions of Purchase page (#2044)
canonical/canonical.com: templates/legal/general-conditions-of-purchase.md

details, including but not limited to confirming that the bank
account that Canonical will use for payment is set out in the
vendor form provided by Canonical during the onboarding
process. Any changes to bank account details are communicated to
Canonical through an updated vendor form available at
https://apps.docusign.com/webforms/us/8b32fb9f2753352b6e7177c7e29173f4 and sent to accountspayable@canonical.com. The
parties acknowledge that any other bank account details, including
any bank details set out in Supplier invoices, will not be considered.

1.3. <u>Specification of fees.</u> The fees under the PO are the
only amounts payable by Canonical.

### 2. Taxes.

The fees are exclusive of VAT and any other applicable
sales tax required by law. Canonical may withhold or deduct any
amounts from the fees to pay any tax required by applicable law.
Supplier will indemnify and hold Canonical harmless from any claims,
costs (including reasonable attorneys' fees) and liabilities related to
Supplier's taxes.

### 3. Acceptance.

The Goods and Services shall comply with all
specifications set out by Canonical. Canonical may terminate the

> Agreement or an applicable PO if the Supplier does not meet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Agreement or an applicable POI tried to if the Supplier does not meet
```
This is how it appears in the copydoc
